{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Mobile  Consulting Solutions\
IOS   Dev\
Zach Konfor
\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\ul Human Interface Guidelines\ulnone \
\

\f1\b0\fs24 There are main factors for the apps human interface guidelines the Apple Developer must follow. \

\f2\i Clarity
\f1\i0 ; the app\'92s overall functionality and interactivity, 
\f2\i Deference
\f1\i0 ; fluid motion, and an overall aesthetically pleasant interface, 
\f2\i Depth
\f1\i0 ; layers and realistic motion. The guidelines also come with some basic design principles include Aesthetic Integrity, Consistency, Direct Manipulation, Feedback, Metaphors, User Control. If the developer wants the app to also be a Mac desktop application, there are a few requirements multitasking, system preferences, User input interactions, system preferences\'85.etc.\
\
\
 
\f0\b\fs28 \ul App Store Review Guidelines\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone Before submitting the app, the developer has a few guidelines to follow.  Development guidelines include: App programming, IOS Data storage, Mac OS File System Documentation, safari Extension development. The brand and marketing guidelines include: marketing resources, Apple pay, apple wallet, Apple Trademarks. 
\f2\i Safety, Performance, Business, Design, Spam, HTML 5 games, Legal
\f1\i0  are software guidelines that must be cleared by apple.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 \ul SWIFT Style Guidelines
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\

\fs24 The RayWenderlich coding guide gives insight into how the programmer should structure their code to be more concise and relatively easy to read and deconstruct. Some examples of suggested guidelines include using uppercase for types and protocols, lowercase, for everything else; using names based on roles and not types; verb methods end in -ed, -ing; function declarations on one line; Using short cut versions of type declarations; Access control.  
\fs28 \
\
\
\
\

\f0\b \ul  }